CUMULUS-1714 - Adds SNS Topic for granule delete/create/update (#1488)
nasa/cumulus: docs/data-cookbooks/ingest-notifications.md

### SNS message format

Subscribers to the SNS topics can expect to find the published message in the [SNS event](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/eventsources.html#eventsources-sns) at `Records[0].Sns.Message`. The message will be a JSON stringified version of the ingest notification record for an execution or a PDR. For granules, the message will be a JSON stringified object with ingest notification record in the `record` property and the event type as the `event` property.

> The parsed record of the execution, granule, or PDR should conform to the [data model schema for the given record type](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/tree/master/packages/api/models/schemas.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ingest notification record of the execution, granule, or PDR should conform to the [data model schema for the given record type](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/tree/master/packages/api/models/schemas.js).
```
